Products Dashboard I

Let's say we have a model called Product with the following information:

id
name (string)
description (text area)
pricing (float)
created_at
updated_at
Create the Product model using Rails. Then create all the RESTful methods and view files for the Products controller without using scaffolding. Type every single line of code so that you understand how this works. Your controller needs to have the following methods:

index
show
new
edit
create
update
destroy
Part I

Do this without using any form helper or simple_form (no need to use things like products_path, new_product_path, etc but instead type the direct URL in the form action attribute field).

Part II

Also, create another model called Category with the following information:

id
name (string)
created_at
updated_at
Populate the Category table with the following information:

category id 1 - Electronics
category id 2 - Household
category id 3 - Gardening
category id 4 - Automotive
category id 5 - Ninjas
Create another field in the Products table called category_id that references the category table. In other words, a category can have many products (or a product belongs to a category).

Allow the user to edit the product's category through /products/new and /products/[:id].

Feel free to use components of Error Driven Development you learned in the previous section while working on this assignment. Again, no need to go to the extreme side of EDD but trying to incorporate a little bit of EDD in your workflow could always be helpful.




Products Dashboard II

In continuation with the previous project, now allow anyone to post comments for each product. The comment model should have the following fields:

id
comment (text area)
product_id
created_at
updated_at
Your application should also have a dashboard that displays all the comments along with all the product name associated with each comment.
